♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma] "Pups in a Fog."
-[growling]
-[laughing]
Mmm, I love
watching Tug-a-Pillow and eating snacks.
And I love sleeping out under the stars.
Perfect!
Okay, let's try this again.
[both growling]
Last biscuit, who wants it?
I do! I do! I do!
Got it! Huh? [gasps]
[grunts]
Sorry, Chase!
Evening under the stars ruined.
[all laughing]
Hmm, the lighthouse light
doesn't look like it's working right.
[beeps]
[gasps] The light's out completely.
I better tell Cap'n Turbot.
-Cap'n Turbot?
-Ryder, is that you?
I mean, it's kind of hard
to see in this fog.
Cap'n Turbot, the light went out
in your lighthouse!
What?! Oh, that's not good.
I know. Can you fix it?
Oh, of course, I can fix it.
[chuckles] As soon as the fog clears.
This fog is so thick
I can't sail back without the lighthouse.
-Uh, you're not at the lighthouse?
-[Turbot] Uh, no.
-[Ryder] Uh-oh.
-[Turbot] Uh-oh is right.
Without a light,
I can't get home to fix my lighthouse.
Oh, plus a big cruise ship full of people
is going to pass by Seal Island
in exactly one hour!
That ship will need the light too!
Yes, if the ship can't see the lighthouse,
it could sail too close
to shore and hit the rocks!
I can't let that happen!
[sighs]
Oh, I better call Ryder
and the PAW Patrol.
Um, I'm right here, Cap'n. [laughs]
[chuckles] Oh, oh, yeah, excellent.
Ryder, I need help!
I'm stuck in the fog!
There's no light in the lighthouse,
and I can't see!
[grunts]
Oh, that's going to leave a bruise.
-Ah!
-[Ryder] Don't worry, Cap'n.
The PAW Patrol will get
the lighthouse working again.
I knew I could count on you.
[whistling]
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
[growling and laughing]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
Ryder needs us.
-Yeah!
-Let's go!
[all barking]
[sneezes]
Hey! [grunting]
Wait for me!
[grunting]
[all barking]
Whoa! [grunts]
[grunts]
Hey, Marshall, you weren't
the last pup in this time.
Hmm. All better.
[all laughing]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
-PAW Patrol, we have an emergency.
-[beeps]
A thick fog is coming across the bay.
Cap'n Turbot is stuck at sea,
and the lighthouse light is out.
Ships really need
the lighthouse in the fog.
If we don't fix the light,
the cruise ship could hit Seal Island.
We need to act fast.
-[beeps]
-Zuma.
[barks]
You'll ride Chase across the water
on your hovercraft.
Let's dive in!
-[beeps]
-Chase.
[barks]
I need you out at Seal Island.
We can use your light in the lighthouse
until Cap'n Turbot gets back.
Chase is on the case, Ryder, sir.
The rest of you, stay awake.
I may need you.
PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Whoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Yay!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go ♪
-Yes!
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy!
[beeps]
The fog is coming in fast.
It's going to reach Seal Island soon.
We have to hurry.
[yawns]
[groans]
-[Skye] Marshall!
-I'm awake! I'm awake!
Okay, pups, it's fun to have
a sleep out under the stars,
but we have to stay alert and ready
in case Ryder needs us.
I'm wide…
[yawns]
… awake-ish.
Let's play a game while we wait.
How about Marco Polo?
Okay, I'll be it! I'll be it! I'll be it!
Put these on
and then you can try and find us.
[Rubble]
The sock is so you can't smell us.
Oh, good idea.
-Marco!
-Polo!
Where are you, Skye?
Aha, there you are!
-[laughs]
-I gotcha! I gotcha!
-[screams]
-[all laughing]
Who bit my tail?
What's that?
Wally?
[barks]
Come on, Wally. Let us pass.
We have to get the lighthouse light on.
[barks]
This isn't time for playing, Wally.
But maybe it's time for a snack.
I'd love a snack.
I'm starving.
I mean Wally.
I think he's trying to tell us
he wants a treat.
Here you go, Wally.
Whew, come on, pups.
The fog is getting close.
It's almost at the island.
[beeps]
The cruise ship is headed
right for Seal Island!
Chase, get your light
to the top of the lighthouse
so the cruise ship will know to stay away.
I'm on it, sir.
[panting]
The ship's almost here! Hurry!
[grunts]
Locked.
-[beeps]
-Cap'n Turbot, Ryder here.
Ryder, is that you?
I can barely see anything in this fog.
I can negotiate nearly nothing at all!
The lighthouse door is locked.
Is there a key around here somewhere?
Sure, right here. [chuckles]
Safe and sound.
Oh, that's not much help, is it?
We'll have to find another way in.
Hang in there, Cap'n.
Whoa! [grunts]
Fog's getting thicker.
I can't see a thing!
[fog horn sounds]
Chase, shoot your net
on the side of the lighthouse wall,
just below the window.
I'm on it, sir!
[barks]
Yeah!
Wow, cool idea.
I'm in! Be right down!
[barks]
Let's roll.
Yes, way to go, Ryder.
Let's roll!
[man over radio] Seal Island Lighthouse!
Come in, lighthouse!
This is the captain
of the cruise ship Princess Maria.
We can't see your light. Over!
This is Seal Island Lighthouse, Captain.
-Our light is going on…
-[barks]
…now!
[barks]
[man] We can see you,
Seal Island Lighthouse!
We're turning away
from you and the rocks.
Thank you and out!
-[howls]
-[cheers]
PAW Patrol, you did it!
And just in the nick of time!
Nice work, Zuma and Chase!
Yes, you did a great job, puppies.
Way to go.
Oh yeah!
Um, sunglasses at night?
What for?
-So I can fix the lighthouse.
-Huh?
Cover your eyes, everyone.
-Yeah!
[howls]
Thanks again, Ryder.
You and the PAW Patrol
saved the day, the cruise ship, and me.
Anytime, Cap'n.
If you're ever in trouble,
just yelp for help.
[both bark]
I'm… [yawns]
…wide awake, in case Ryder needs us.
Yup, I'm wide awake too.
-Hi, pups.
-Ryder!
What happened?
We stayed up all night waiting
in case you needed us.
We can't wait to hear what happened.
Even if it takes all night.
Good job staying awake, pups.
I'm going to go grab
some sleep-out snacks
and tell you all about it.
[all snoring]
I'll save them for you.
[snoring]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[Ryder yawns] Good night, pups.
[theme music playing]